Doc: Environment variables cannot be in config.string comments. (#16689)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/env-vars.asciidoc

* You can add environment variable references in any plugin option type: string, number, boolean, array, or hash.
* Environment variables for list-type URI parameters can support lists of space-delimited values. Currently, other non-URI based options do not support lists of values. See <<plugin-concepts>>
* Environment variables are immutable. If you update the environment variable, you'll have to restart Logstash to pick up the updated value.

> * Environment variables in `config.string` comments are not allowed. Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline config failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Environment variables references in `config.string` comments are not allowed. Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline config failures.
```

> * Environment variables references in `config.string` comments are not allowed. Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline config failures.

Reviewer: I agree with the sentiment from @donoghuc where we should be clear about the actual behaviour, while still providing guidance:

```suggestion
* Environment variables references in `config.string` comments will still be evaluated due to configuration parsing limitations and therefore discouraged. Remove the `$` sign to avoid potential pipeline initialization failures.
```

> * Environment variables references in `config.string` comments are not allowed. Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline config failures.

Author: Thank you @karenzone and @jsvd! 
I have tried to combine your suggestions into one. WDYT?
```suggestion
* References to environment variables in `config.string` comments will still be evaluated during configuration parsing and are therefore discouraged.
Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline loading failures.
```

Reviewer: Can you consolidate everyone's suggestions to the PR and resolve the conversations? this should facilitate wrapping up the review

* You can add environment variable references in any plugin option type: string, number, boolean, array, or hash.
* Environment variables for list-type URI parameters can support lists of space-delimited values. Currently, other non-URI based options do not support lists of values. See <<plugin-concepts>>
* Environment variables are immutable. If you update the environment variable, you'll have to restart Logstash to pick up the updated value.

> * References to environment variables in `config.string` comments will still be evaluated during configuration parsing and are therefore discouraged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* References to environment variables in `config.string` comments are evaluated during configuration parsing, and are therefore discouraged.
```

> Remove the `$` sign to avoid pipeline loading failures.

Reviewer: not sure if this needs to be on the line above to be properly rendered?
